change(docs): Adds note to zebra-instructions about typical solution rate and updates nodenv step (#3)
ZcashFoundation/s-nomp: zebra-instructions.md

    sudo apt-get install redis
    redis-server
    ```

> 2. Install and activate a node version manager (e.g. [`nodenv`](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv#installation) or [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating))

Reviewer: Can you please add a `.nvmrc` to the project root directory, so that users don't have to manually set the node version?
https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#nvmrc

This can happen in another PR.

Author: Good idea, that should work with `n` too, added in [`8b0cf93`](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/s-nomp/pull/3/commits/8b0cf93ed3408880502728bbd1fe191e65e630e9).

> 2. Install and activate a node version manager (e.g. [`nodenv`](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv#installation) or [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating))

Reviewer: Optional: Was there a specific reason you used nvm?

If nodenv didn't work for you, it would be good to document why.

Author: > Was there a specific reason you used nvm?

Purely popularity, I hadn't used nodenv before, but I tried it first and it worked well.

# or use your testnet address here - this address will not receive any payments unless it is configued on your node
./nheqminer -l 127.0.0.1:1234 -u tmRGc4CD1UyUdbSJmTUzcB6oDqk4qUaHnnh.worker1 -t 1
```

Note:

> A typical solution rate for 1-3 cores is 5-10 Sols/s

Reviewer: This might be easier to understand, most people will have 4-16 cores.

```suggestion
A typical solution rate is 2-4 Sols/s per core
```
